so here i'm going to be making french
dressing or vinaigrette very very simple
we just need some vinegar some olive oil
some mustard and a splash of water now
as a general rule you always use one
part vinegar to three parts oil then
that doesn't really matter what's a
little vinegar and what sort of all
you're using if you stick to those
proportions and you're always going to
make a well-balanced dressing so very
very simply for this dressing classic
French dressing we're just using some
mustard this is French Dijon mustard
need about two teaspoons of that then
sticking with the proportions that I
mentioned before we're going to have one
tablespoon of red wine vinegar now you
just want to whisk the vinegar and the
mustard together and then at this point
you want to season it the theory being
that salt dissolves quicker in vinegar
then it would do an oil so personally I
always season it at this stage before
adding the oil we're going to use three
tablespoons of olive oil this is just
normal extra virgin olive oil just whisk
that to combine I always finish my
dressings with a splash of water and
what the water does is it just takes
away a slight harshness from the vinegar
so literally a drop
now vinaigrette can be made a week in
advance you can make a big batch at home
I tend to make it in a jar shake it up
keep it in the fridge for a week or two
ready for whenever I make a salad and
that's how you make vinaigrette French
dressing